---
layout: post
published: false
categories:
  - Tazkirah
author: tehnoblequran
title: khazar3
---

 
yaumul al malhamtil qubra / peperangan terbesar dalam sejarah dunia
org mati syahid fi sabillillah tak rasa sakit mati 
para ulama hadis huraikan disini ialah rum ialah eropah dan america
abdullah ibnu masud ulama hadis
ada satu kumpulan yg murtad yang akan keluar daripada islam masa perang armageddon

The only problem with turkey is that it is against Israel and USA and it is standing with innocent people. And USA always wanted full control on Middle East and Turkey is an obstacle. They want to remove it. It is just international politics.﻿

erdoğan
nusai ibnu jabir

sebesar mana kemanisan yg kita dpt dlm hidup kita, sebanyak itulah dugaan pahit yg perlu kita tempoh,. Selalunya macam tulah, sunnahtullah.-wadi annuar
round ke 4 kemenangan milik orang islam lwn rum
dasyatnya peperangan besar itu sehhingakan inna thoirot/thohirat..seekor burung yg melintasi perperagan..akan jatuh dan mati ke bawah..burung tu pun, yg tak ada kena mengena apa pun boleh mati. bertapa sengit nya perperangn
kitab syeikh fahmi zam zam- saya iqtimad dengan ilmu dia sebab dia orang alim.. saya tak tau di ambil hadis mana..

nabi isa akan turun dari langit yg ke2 di damsyik(syria)(dimash)

satu lagi hadis(dhoif) akhir zaman yg nabi sebut, konstatinual ni bukannya turki/istanbul.. kata para ulama, dia adalah rum iaitu italy.. tu adalah pendapat mereka dan kita cuma sebut sahaja
sunan abi daud peperangan akhir zaman
syria akan tolong turkey
espionage
nusai ibnu jabir
ep487992081my sweden,denmark, norway
perdamaian di antara org islam dgn bani asfar, jumhur ulama kata eropah dn amerika
 al-A'maq alias Dabiq
 
rum akan turun ke suatu tempat di al-aqmar @bil dabiqk di syria dimana tentera rum akan bertempur dgn imam mahdi
Nabi Muhammad Shallallahu ‘Alaihi wa Sallam


Bumi pertama diberkati Allah : Mekah 
Bumi ke-2 diberkati Allah : Madinah 
Bumi ke-3 diberkati Allah : Syam (Syria, Palestine, Iraq, Lubnan,)
Bumi ke-4 diberkati Allah: Yeman

http://www.keadilandaily.com/nik-aziz-jelaskan-perbezaan-antara-yahudi-dan-zionis/

'Democracy' is code word for Communism. jews run this country & have forced their Cultural Marxism down everyone's throat. People have simply failed to recognize it for what it is. They're too distracted, too comfortable with all the frills the jew has given them, to even care.

We are being poisoned with GMOs, fluoride, chem trails, fluoride, and pharmaceuticals
Who buys this shit?
Jewish Bolsheviks Yagoda and Lazar Kaganovich were responsible for at least 20 million death, during the Holodomor, between the two of them, but all we hear about is Hitler, Nazis and the holocaust. I guess because they were both jews and that would cancel out the 6 million.

ulama hadis huraikan disini ialah rum ialah eropah dan america

You are confused. The Jews of the Bible were righteous the fake jews in Israel today are colonizing the world for the New World Order under Satan.﻿

the good ones never became bad. The bad ones have taken on the identity of the good ones. They are Khazarian Europeans and have NO DNA link to Abraham while on the other hand the REAL Jews do.﻿ 

What I'm saying is in 70 AD the Romans went after the Jews in Jerusalem. Christ warned them before this happened. He told them to flee into the mountains and they went into Egypt/Africa to hide among other dark skinned people. The UN put these fake ones in our land in 1948. They are actually Europeans and Converted to Judaism which is a religion. WE are a nationality not a religion. You cannot convert to be the Chosen people if you were NEVER chosen. That's like saying that YOU can convert and be a part of my family or vice versus. It's amazing how gullible people can be today. The Most High KNOWS who His people are and since they aren't chosen they are going to be wiped out in Israel. They control banking systems, they financed the slave trade of the real Jews. They are wealthy but the real Jews would be under curses for not following the Laws, Statues and Commandments as they are today﻿

Seems like you are the ONE WHO IS DEEPLY IGNORANT. I HAVE FACTS WHILE YOU HAVE EMOTIONS, IGNORANCE AND OPINIONS.﻿

 He's sitting on the right hand of the Throne He's NOT in Hell﻿ 
The hebrews are the offspring of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. These people were CREATED FOR THE MOST HIGH BY THE MOST HIGH. He created all people but He created the world for OUR SAKES. I'm not addicted to anything but the truth and apparently you don't know the truth. The Hebrews exist today in ghettos yeah the blacks, Natives and Hispanics with NEGROID FATHERS. The fake jews come from Khazarian in Europe where whites reside and they were not wanted to many places that's why Hitler began killing some of them and Hitler KNEW who the real Jews are. The bad ones stole the identity and land of the real Hebrews. That happened many many centuries ago. Today they claim they are us but we know they aren't. They NEVER suffered the curses nor did they go into slavery by cargo slave ships.﻿

You are correct Zionist Jews are a danger and are the Synagogue of Satan while the REAL JEWS who have had their identity stolen and their land are suffering under the curses of Deuteronomy.﻿

and guess what? The REAL JEWS not the Zionist fake jews are Chosen and special in the sight of the Most High. He said and I quote " you are a Holy and separate people unto me". We are royalty in His eyes and the apple of His eye even though His people are OPPRESSED, HATED AND MURDERED ON A DAILY BASIS.﻿

 Chosen means the Most High selected and created a certain people to RULE the earth over the other nations and to be a light to the other nations so they may know righteousness.﻿ 
 
 the Fake jews do murder, rob, rape and enslave the true jews. Sorry to burst your bubble they are not the true jews but are the synagogue of Satan. They are Khazarians and there is NO WAY YOU CAN CONVERT to being a bloodline of a people. Either it's in your blood or it isn't. You can't convert to my bloodline as being Israel if you WERE NOT BORN ISRAEL.﻿
 
 Doug Graves um where did you come up with this? The zionist fake jews are the ones who are killing others and feel that all others are goyims. I'm am of the REAL Hebrews of the Bible. Not a fake jew who lives in Israel and came from Europe. Whoa!!! your mind is screwed﻿
 
 You have the real jews confused with those fake jews who use the Talmud. WE use the Bible OUR HISTORY BOOK. Theology is nothing but lies but the Ahayah of the universe does exist. We don't use Him to our advantage simply put He chose the blacks, Natives and Hispanics with Negroid fathers as the chosen people who are oppressed, murdered and hated. Simply put WE will continue to return to Our Heavenly Father and YOU and YOUR PEOPLE WILL PERISH OR YOU HAVE THE CHOICE TO SERVE US THE TRUE ISRAELITES. YOU OPINIONS DON'T MATTER AT ALL. WATCH WHAT YOU SAY.....YOU HAVE JUST DUG YOUR OWN GRAVE. ASK THE EGYPTIANS WHEN HE WIPED THEM OUT.﻿
 
 What kind of people would create and impose racism on another people? Hate, oppress and kill them daily??? That's what He did and you are not to question what He does, He's the creator and He can do whatever He wants. It just so happens that He chose those created in His image...blacks, Natives and Hispanics. We are not the author of racism but we know who is. Edomites/Caucasians﻿
 
  these people are FAKE they come from Khazaria Europe. Jews are not white.﻿ 
  
==========

Anyone who visits both Iran and Saudi Arabia will know how superior Iran is. The people are just wonderful. They dress so well and are so friendly. On the other hand, Saudi is full of crap. The people all think they are policemen. They think all foreigners are inferior and treat them all with contempt and arrogance. You can feel it right at the moment you land in the airport. The way they throw back your passport at you. The way they go through your baggage, etc.﻿ 

Israel has told Trump he must continue backing the Saudis, and continue demonizing Syria and Iran. So that is the way it is. Even Trump must follow orders when his superiors command him. I also heard Trump is thinking of moving the Pentagon to Israel to save time. Since all of the major USA foreign policy decisions are made there anyway.﻿

 During the Iran and Iraq war, which country used chemical weapons, where did they get them from and who backed them? Iraq backed by the U.S.. Iran never used chemical weapons, so why would they use Nuclear weapons?  They want Nuclear weapons because of the threat of the U.S. and here allies in the region, Israel and Saudi Arabia. I'm not Muslim or do I totally support Iran, but if I ran a country that had been attacked by the U.S by proxy, I would have a few in my arsenal.﻿ 
 
Iran dangerous with Nukes? Has anyone seen what the U.S. did to the people of the Marshall Islands? The U.S. is the evil empire. Supported by the U.K., Saudi Arabia and Israel.﻿


About saudi:
Bani saud and GCC countries are NOT Muslim they are pure salafi wahabis and you sound like them too

People who form alliances with Zionist Jews and Zionist Christians are not Muslim.

business man always protects his interests by playing  both sides

﻿



 Youtube Demonetized The mountain is in Antarctica, has been discovered by American Admiral Richard E. Byrd and after his expeditions Antarctica is off limits to unauthorized civilian population. Google Antarctic Treaty.﻿ 
 
  Jo James Because we can't access it, Antarctic treaty puts Antarctica off limits. Alleged photos of Antarctica suposedly taken by satellites are fake, Antarctica does not look the way they show it to us. Airplanes do not fly over Antarctica, north south circumnavigation has never happened. All this just because of some ice?!﻿ 
  
   Jo James Obviously, that's why they keep bombarding us with propaganda of a possible alien invasion and that's why they have military equipment in Antarctica. Nothing is the way it looks like, our world is not what they tell us. There is much more land than we think. American admiral Richard E. Byrd said on interview (after the expeditions to Antarctica) that he found "....a continent as big as the United States on the other side from the south pole.." (I'm quoting him here and you can find the interview on youtube). He also said they found a mountain made purely of coal.﻿ 
   
    First explorers who circumnavigated Antarctica recorded approx 50\60 thousands of miles of the Antarctic coastline (that's double of the equator) and it took them up to 4 years, however, official data says Antarctica has approx 15k miles of a coastline.﻿ 
    
     Jo James There is much more behind it than just hiding Yajuj and Majuj. They are hiding way more important things. Whole human history is corrupted, most of it is false. It's not easy to answer your question in youtube comment section since the issue is quite big and takes some time to explain. Also, it's not so easy to believe it without some sort of evidence. Personally, it took me two years of research until I finally realized how the world actually works like. If you're open to discussion about this I can tell you everything that I found out in last two years including the detailed description of where Yajuj and Majuj actually live. Antarctica is not what we think it is, it is not even a continent. It might sound crazy but I can prove all of my claims. Since it's not very practical to talk about it here, you can add me on fb if you're up for a friendly chat about it. My account has been banned few times for talking about these things online so I guess you understand my point. If you're interested I will share my fb profile link here and remove it after you add me. Peace ;)﻿ 
     

 I'm from muscle shoals and my grandmother told me stories about Antarctica bein the most important continent and a huge chunk of human history is under the ice there﻿ 
 
al amaq/ Dabiq

 It has been proven that the south pole has been TROPICAL 5 times in the last 13 million years based on evidence found in core samples. There is no doubt in my mind that the continent has been inhabited. There is no doubt in my mind that megalithic structures exist there. There is no doubt in my mind that the facts rewrite the history of mankind.  We may never no the facts because of international governmental conspiracy to conceal the truth.﻿ 
 
  That isn't a pyramid. It is a mountain. A mountain range was named after Rothschilds. Antarctica is sectioned off by many Countries.. Americans part is from the middle out. Russia has a part, China. China actually has. Military presence in Antarctica. They have found under the ice is. Huge Forrest. They say their is more oil in Antarctica than in Middle East. All kinds of gemstones. Metals of all kinds. Platnium, titanium, copper, Steel. Diamonds, emeralds, sapphires. They have found so much. Two countries do have a military. Not USA. So much hasn't been explored yet. It's amazing what They've recently found.

Educate yourself further. MAYBE the Khazarian mafia has brainwashed humans into falsly believing that Hitler was evil, when he really was not? SEE "Adolph Hitler - The Untold TRUE Story" and "The Greatest Lie Ever Told - The Holocaust - 2015 Documentary HD" and "The Real Aryans" and  "Hitler: The NEGRO Is The True Jew"  and  "The True meanining of the Swastika" and "Nazi Cab Driver Defends Wearing Swastika Armband (CBS New York)" and "Spielberg's Hoax The Last Days of The Big Lie.

These people calling themselves Jews are Khazars from Khazari. Four thousand years ago these people spread around the world. Each country that allowed them in and didn't find out their true colors suffered and these people took over their culture, economy and their identity.They were chased out of countries because they practiced some sort of sexual perversion religion. They kidnapped and drained blood from children and drank it to keep them young or something. Court records and documents proves how vile and wicked these people are from prosecuting them for children murders and kidnapping. They are still practicing the same religion today. Their bible is the Talmud, the most wicked books in the world. They are being protected by their father satan. They commit heinous crimes and allow the indigenous people to be blamed. They're like human parasites and chameleons. I used to think the same as all black people that the white man is the ones that committed the atrocities against us. I don't believe the white man or white people know about the atrocities they committed against black people. They used to use black babies as alligator bait. I don't believe the white man wants to be associated with what these animals did. I've come to realize that the majority of white people really don't know. What was shown in the movie Roots are mild to the real atrocities they committed against black people. I honestly believe that very few whites knew about what they were really doing. I used to support them financially and politically. I can't believe I was so deceived about these people that enslaved my people and committed all the inhuman acts they did. To deceive black people into supporting these people go against a level of deception human minds can't comprehend. Worst of all they're in Israel today pretending to be us. The holocaust is another one of their horrific lies. They claim Hitler tried to exterminate them because they were Jews. That's a lie because Hitler knew they weren't Jews. They claim Hitler killed six million of them when it was only three million of them total. They have since changed the number to just over a hundred thousand. None of those atrocities happened to them. Even if it did it pales in comparison to what they did to black people. They killed over a million black people on the Atlantic Slave Trade.﻿


NK, Obama, Angela Merkel, Pope, Adolf Hitler, Michael Jackson, The beetles, all part of synagogue of satan/lucifer  -hidden hands

one world goverment/new worl order





Heartless Bastard criminal top western Masonic mafia governments (USA, UK, France & Germany) and their criminal allies ( zionist israhelli & Wahhabi alle soghoot regimes) have always violated the Geneva Convention (Article 17 in particular) thousands and thousands of times in every war they have imposed on other nations around the world, and yet they accuse others for the crimes they themselves have committed. They have not been prosecuted for their crimes and human right violations (included physical and sexual abuse, torture, rape, sodomy, and murder) in : Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Vietnam, Myanmar, Chilli , Nicaragoe and other Latin American & South East Asian countries; deferent African countries, Palestine, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Syria, Nigeria, Bahrain, The land of Hejaz & Arabia, Iran , …….. and against detainees in Bagram, Abu Ghoraib, Guantanamo and other secret prisons around Europe , so on & so on...!!!!!This is the same with israhelli illegal government and saudi monarchy’s crimes and human rights violations.Greedy Psychopath Masonic mafia Zionist Monsters use poor tax payers mony for providing israhell's criminal mass destruction weapons as well as creating Wahhabi Takfiri al-Qaeda, Taliban, Isis, isil, al-Nusra, Boko-Haram, al-Shabab, ........, to justify their own and the wahhabi saudi's and zionist israhell's murderous and monstrous criminal behavior.They also try their best in creating different kinds of viruses like ebula, zika , killing vaccines , ..... to limit the world population as part of their their New World Order Plots as decided in the Bilderberg Group annual meetings.History has proved that these psychopath Masonic Zionists are all just a typical idiot brute. Their false flag conspiracies like 9/11, ... To justify the war against Afghanistan Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Nigeria, Bahrain, The land of Hejaz & Arabia. Then by training alQaeda, ISIS, alShabab, Boko Haram terrorists ; and arranging for new false flags like Paris & Brussels's bombing ; they try to push the world to accept their bloody new world order conspiracy. Fortunately all of their conspiracies have been disclosed and they are being disgraced. But they are so ghoulish, rude & rotten, that they pertain as if none of their conspiracies had been disclosed !!!!!They always falsely accused other independent nations and ascribed their own criminal conspiracies to others and threaten them with their wild mad and brutal animals at the expense of their own and other nation's people being killed and they getting reacher and reacher as part of their new world order plots.It is interesting to know that the real Jews whose ancestors used to live in Palestine, are against the illegal government and state of israhel. Because these Masonic Zions are not the real Jews, they are Ashkenazi who had converted from Pagan Satanism Evil so called religions to Talmudic Judaism and had been migrated from Khazaria and Europe by Khazarian Satanists Mafia as part of their Masonic Zionist New World Order Plot (to establish state of israhell) and ruin the life of people (that is Moslims, Christians and the real Jews) living in the Middle East.The more you find out about the Zionists & Freemasons, the more you are convinced how evil these mafia organizations are disguised in the beautiful colours of a charitable and mutual charity society, Zionists & Freemasons reveal themselves at a closer approach in its true light, that of a satanic sect. God damn bloody racist mafia Zionists are the root of all satanic evil actions around the world throughout the history. Zionists are Freemasons who worships Evil Lucifer - Satan. Albert Pike wrote in a letter to Mazzini, dated August 15, 1871. “graphically outlined plans for three world wars that were seen as necessary to bring about the One World Order, and we can marvel at how accurately it has predicted events that have already taken place”.There main mafia subdivisions are the evil Satanist demons like: Albert Pike, Theodor (Binyamin Ze'ev) Herzl, Khazarian Satanists Mafia who had converted from Pagan Satanism Evil so called religions to Talmudic Judaism, David Ben-Gurion, Rothschild family, Keith Rupert Murdoch, Soros family, Rockefeller family, UK Monarchy family and the rest of AIPAC members and Bilderberg mafia Group which form the Satanic Cults of wild beasts of Freemasons satanic evil monster spider weaving his net across the world hostage all the nations a cross the whole world. They are the worst greatest criminal ruse of all time. No matter how much the Freemasons & Zionists will try to deny or hide the terrible truth revealed, the symbols, rituals and the effects of their actions still betray them.Certainly, most of the Zionists & Freemasons are just a mob for those at the higher mafia ranks who know the nature of the being they serve and deliberately attract the others in this immense hoax, which is, obviously, Satanism.Heartless UK & US Criminal Politicians ruled by Zionists & Freemasons not only are not shameful, but also are proud of crimes their satanic governments has done in Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Nigeria, Bahrain, Arabestan and so many other countries around the world !!!! They are also awfully proud of the billions of dollars and mass destruction weapons they give to Israehelly illegal government, Saudi monarchy and other terrorist mobs like al Qaeda, Isis, Daesh, al Shabab, al Nusra, BokoHaram , ........ , to kill innocent people in the Middle East and other parts of the world !!!! The following references illustrates just a small part of their evil signs of Satanism:http://concisepolitics.com/2016/01/15/26-facts-about-isisl-that-rothschilds-jewish-mafia-rjm-does-not-want-you-to-know/https://www.darkmoon.me/2013/top-israeli-scientist-says-ashkenazi-jews-came-from-khazaria-not-palestine/https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=G3bn24qdZ7chttps://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=plxijxfg7v0https://youtu.be/K7f1WHqu_Zwhttps://youtu.be/oFWV0QxlEDchttps://youtu.be/3aibl7YrLXshttps://youtu.be/plxijxfg7v0https://youtu.be/QPXcHB3sSuMhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=QPXcHB3sSuMhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h0PuGvEwwkA&feature=youtu.behttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=n4EfufBl1cU&sns=fbhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=G3bn24qdZ7chttps://m.youtube.com/watchv=cRnckOrqQS4&itct=CCIQpDAYASITC?https://m.youtube.com/watchv=RO0S6j2Zsqo&itct=CCUQpDAYACITC?https://t.co/e3KmExPgm3?fb_ref=Defaulthttps://youtu.be/DiQUD0qMfS8https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DiQUD0qMfS8&feature=youtu.behttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3gNLmpjw8iM&it?http://sos-at.blogspot.fr/2007/12/meet-real-adolf-hitler.htmlhttp://concisepolitics.com/2016/01/15/26-facts-about-isisl-that-rothschilds-jewish-mafia-rjm-does-not-want-you-to-know/http://just-another-inside-job.blogspot.fr/2004/06/how-israel-created-myth-of-al-qaeda.htmlhttp://www.iamthewitness.com/doc/Ashkenazis.are.not.the.descendants.of.the.Ancient.Israelites.htmhttps://www.darkmoon.me/2013/top-israeli-scientist-says-ashkenazi-jews-came-from-khazaria-not-palestine/“Top Israeli scientist says Ashkenazi Talmudic Judaists came from Khazaria, not Palestine”


 For anyone asking why we can't see them on maps. Take a look at Google Earth for example. The whole world is pretty defined and easy to see the regions. Like mountains. But when you go to either pole it becomes pixelated and u can't even see the pole itself! Why would they do that? The satellites CLEARLY have ability to see what's there with clarity. Clearly they're hiding something. And from the accumulated information. They are probably at either or both poles.﻿ 
 
  I believe Gog and Magog are in the hollow earth of Antarctica. The barrier (SADD) was built in Antarctica. This  is the secret the world nations keep. Only military missions are made there. They believe the supreme race lives there. This will be exposed when the New World Order is established. God knows best.﻿ 
  
  maybe ياجوج و ماجوج is the north and the south pole frozen ice. as the shaikh said. they will rush us faster than we can run out of them. just like a tsunami would. and the wall is some kind of dam. دو القرنين seems more like a viking to me. and vikings have a long story with sea ice. im no expert in explaining these things. always applyed reason when reading the holy quran and i never been so confused about an explanation than on this one. almighty god said " ولا يحيطون من علمه إلى بما شاء" may god allow us to discover the true meaning of ياجوج و ماجوج.
  
  
  I'll have a Theory where they might be! Antarctica, checkout operation highjump. think about it! they are digging untill they see a hole, then the next morning it get filled so they have to re-dig... if they see a hole, why not continue?! my theory is that Night Falls and that region when Night Falls, temperature drops dramatically, and then next morning the snow fills up the whole, so thats why they have to re-dig it again. Allah knows best...﻿
  
  The place where they will come it is either from the North Pole or South Pole, search up in Google "hollow earth theory" they speak of a civilisation that is actually beneath the earth and that there is an inner sun underneath earth and all the stuff said about the earths core is fake﻿
  
  
  The story about cyrus is lines up
  
  Under his rule, the empire embraced all the previous civilized states of the ancient Near East,[7] expanded vastly and eventually conquered most of Southwest Asia and much of Central Asia and the Caucasus. From the Mediterranean Sea and Hellespont in the west to the Indus River in the east, Cyrus the Great created the largest empire the world had yet seen.[8] Under his successors, the empire eventually stretched at its maximum extent from parts of the Balkans (Bulgaria-Paeonia and Thrace-Macedonia) and Eastern Europe proper in the west, to the Indus Valley in the east. His regal titles in full were The Great King, King of Persia, King of Anshan, King of Media, King of Babylon, King of Sumer and Akkad, and King of the Four Corners of the World. The reign of Cyrus the Great lasted between 29 and 31 years. Cyrus built his empire by conquering first the Median Empire, then the Lydian Empire and eventually the Neo-Babylonian Empire. Either before or after Babylon, he led an expedition into central Asia, which resulted in major campaigns that were described as having brought "into subjection every nation without exception".[9] Cyrus the Great respected the customs and religions of the lands he conquered.[12] This became a very successful model for centralized administration and establishing a government working to the advantage and profit of its subjects.[7] In fact, the administration of the empire through satraps and the vital principle of forming a government at Pasargadae were the works of Cyrus.[13] What is sometimes referred to as the Edict of Restoration (actually two edicts) described in the Bible as being made by Cyrus the Great left a lasting legacy on the Jewish religion, where, because of his policies in Babylonia, he is referred to by the Jewish Bible as Messiah (lit. "His anointed one") (Isaiah 45:1),[14] and is the only non-Jew to be called so:[15] "So said the Lord to His anointed one, to Cyrus".Isaiah 45:1-7 British historian Charles Freeman suggests that "In scope and extent his achievements [Cyrus] ranked far above that of" Alexander the Great, "who was to demolish the [Achaemenid] empire in the 320s but fail to provide any stable alternative."[90] Cyrus has been a personal hero to many people, including Thomas Jefferson, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and David Ben-Gurion.[91] The achievements of Cyrus the Great throughout antiquity are reflected in the way he is remembered today. His own nation, the Iranians, have regarded him as "The Father", the very title that had been used during the time of Cyrus himself, by the many nations that he conquered, as according to Xenophon:[92] And those who were subject to him, he treated with esteem and regard, as if they were his own children, while his subjects themselves respected Cyrus as their "Father" ... What other man but 'Cyrus', after having overturned an empire, ever died with the title of "The Father" from the people whom he had brought under his power? For it is plain fact that this is a name for one that bestows, rather than for one that takes away! The Babylonians regarded him as "The Liberator".[93] The Book of Ezra narrates a story of the first return of exiles in the first year of Cyrus, in which Cyrus boastfully proclaims: "All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD, the God of heaven, given me; and He hath charged me to build Him a house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah."(Ezra 1:2) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyrus_the_Great#Rise_and_military_campaigns


This statement is too stupid to warrant a reply
astute analys

The window of opportunity is fast closing and time is short. This life you comfortably lead will be pulled out from right under you, and everything will happen so fast you won't even know what has hit you. Make haste brothers and sisters to do good deeds and return to Islam before it is too late

talpiot /Sheldon Adelson/ADL/AIPAC/CERN
 disinform,decoy,disasters,detain,disarm,depopulate,destroy the information trail.(done)﻿ 
 
 Bilderbergers think they're a superior race....you are in their way...they don't like you...They are petty narcissistic tiny undeveloped human beings....they're actually pathetic.﻿
 
  Dan Buchner
Dan Buchner
3 weeks ago (edited)
Thanks, Luke and Dan, for being there and reporting when most of us can't go.  You were in the front lines with the elite, and I appreciate you taking the heat for us.  I believe they know that many people have woken up.  I also believe they want to use artificial intelligence, robotics, and automation much more in the more mundane jobs out there, i.e., cashiers, assembly line workers, warehouse workers, salesmen, human resource personnel, farm workers, secretaries, etc.  Of course, that will mean that the middle class will get further squeezed out, which is what they want.  They know that the lower class is powerless, and concern themselves with just surviving.  They know that the upper class has almost all of the wealth, and is already in power.  So, that only leaves the middle class that they have to get rid of.

 From the man with 200+ secret nukes through stolen American technology German submarines, and bombers capable of NUKING Europe (an omission by a top General in Israel to take the world down if Zionism is threatened) but told is "on our side".﻿-Bibi Netanyahu/Nutty  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-snJqL9wDk  / https://www.google.com/search?q=Mordechai+Vanunu&source=lnms&tbm=vid&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjcv8-O2sncAhXMbCsKHTvyA9gQ_AUIDCgD
